Dominique Pozo: I'm about to go into a session.
Dominique Pozo: But I wanted to
Dominique Pozo: The phone. So just remember and brief message and I'll get back, Kevin.
Dominique Pozo: Thanks.
Dominique Pozo: At the tone, please record your voice message. When you are finished recording, you may hang up or press pound for more options.
Dominique Pozo: This is Dominique from bright heart health. Have you scheduled for a session with me today at five oh this is you call
Dominique Pozo: Hello. Hey, Erica. This is Dominique
Dominique Pozo: Sorry, I just walked in the door realize what time it was
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. You've got to go through the virtual clinic so they'll just, okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: Can you hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, you're muted and
Dominique Pozo: Frozen.
Dominique Pozo: You're good. Now I can hear you.
Erika Romero: Alright, can you hear me. Yes. Okay. All right. Give me just a second. I'm trying to get myself together. So let me get to a
Erika Romero: quiet room.
Erika Romero: No problem. Give me one second. Okay, how many
Erika Romero: I'm sorry about that.
Dominique Pozo: No problem.
Erika Romero: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Yes.
Erika Romero: Okay, good.
Erika Romero: I put the the Bluetooth on forgot to turn my earbuds on
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
Erika Romero: That's okay, no problem.
Erika Romero: That's what happens when you're right, when you're running late. And you can get start getting all for as well.
Yeah.
Erika Romero: So are you doing today.
Dominique Pozo: I'm good, I'm good, I, I've had a good mix of work and rest in between sessions which I needed. So it's good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I don't know why.
Dominique Pozo: I am I'm I'm I'm think I'm the only one on the team at the moment that's in Hawaii. Yeah.
Erika Romero: Oh, that's cool.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, in fact, that you work because the
Erika Romero: First, the first notice that first email that you sent me see Aloha and the bottom. And I go, Oh, that's so cool. She's from issues in Hawaii.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this is my home. I love it so much. I feel blessed to be here every day.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: I bet you do.
Dominique Pozo: So I just wanted to kind of down, you know, download and process what happened in group yesterday. How was that for you.
Dominique Pozo: You know, to share with Leticia and and
Dominique Pozo: How was that
Erika Romero: It was, it was good. I mean, I'm
Erika Romero: Glad that she received it as, as well as I thought she, you know, I was, I was hoping she would
Erika Romero: Because, for some reason, like you, I don't, I don't know how you are but ME PERSONALLY I FEEL people I feel people in my heart at certain people. I can feel
Erika Romero: A connection with and for some reason. Yeah, kind of just
Erika Romero: hit home for me. So, you know, she seems to be going through a lot of the same stuff that I've gone through in my past and even, you know, some of my presence and so
Erika Romero: Yeah, you know, it was it it was
Erika Romero: It was hard for me to process everything that
Erika Romero: That it brought up.
Erika Romero: You know that her her story brought up but
Erika Romero: But it's okay you know I
Erika Romero: This stuff that's going on with me in my lifetime.
Erika Romero: I put a long time ago in. So I've had a lot of a lot of time to
Erika Romero: Work through through you know my ISSUES AND IN MY HEART ACHE AND AND MY heartbreak and and all that. And the emotional and the psychological stuff that it it did.
Erika Romero: But I mean, you know, there are times like, you know, hearing the teachers speak, you know that it brings up my own my own past and in so when that happens.
Erika Romero: Every day I think about my path that's not something that you know I shoved away in a closet and and make go away. You know, I think about my past all the time and and if it's not one thing. It's another and some days it's everything. And sometimes it's still, it's still
Erika Romero: Hurts, but I've learned how to process through it and so
Erika Romero: I've learned that sometimes you just gotta cry, you know, and like that and let that go. And that's the way that I process. And then I have to realize, you know the past is the past. There's nothing that you can do about the past, I fix those those
Erika Romero: Those parts of my life. And so I'm okay with it now.
Erika Romero: You know, I have to accept what I did to my own mind. And what I allowed other people to do to my life.
Erika Romero: But like with my daughter that that's still pretty new.
Erika Romero: Although it's been going on for quite a long time.
Erika Romero: It, you know, it's still fairly new, as far as the last incident. You know what I mean. So
Erika Romero: So that that that does
Erika Romero: Make it hard sometimes.
Erika Romero: But again, you know, if I've already learned how to process through that and and
Erika Romero: But I'm still human. And so it, you know, it still does this hurt and you know she's my daughter and so
Erika Romero: But I mean it really hasn't been something that I've dwelled on or even after our session yesterday. It wasn't something that I you know dwelled on and
Erika Romero: I, I feel for Leticia just because I know you know I lost my two oldest boys and I never thought that back in so
Erika Romero: And so I feel her, you know, I went through that the holidays and days and in all that where I didn't get to to have, you know, have them a part of my life. And so I know where she's coming from right now where she felt that I was it
Erika Romero: Let me, let me tell you about my drug my drug habit when when I became a drug addict. The first time.
Erika Romero: When I left my ex husband that was. I thought to myself, I never go back to drugs again, never. And I never did.
Erika Romero: I never touched that stuff again, nor did I have the cravings for it, which was really weird because everybody I've ever talked to is always told me
Erika Romero: Oh, I have cravings and so I don't know what that's like. I honestly don't even now with the pills. I don't have that craving. I don't have that.
Erika Romero: You know that
Erika Romero: Without part of me that, you know, we're lucky she was talking about, you know, feel like she's going to backfire. Well, I haven't had that I've never had that I didn't have first time I'm not having it now. And so I can't sympathize or empathize with that. I can't, I don't know how for me.
Erika Romero: Because I stepped out of it so quickly and so easily.
Erika Romero: it frustrates me sometimes to hear other people talk about it like that. You know what I mean.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm going to interject for a second there because I I could and I want to acknowledge to that, I, I, kind of, I stopped the whole group from any
Dominique Pozo: Any conversation when Leticia said, You know, I don't feel strong I'm not feeling I feel weak. I feel all these things. And I noticed a few of not just you, but a few people like trying to lift her up and and
Dominique Pozo: And I
Dominique Pozo: I want to check in around that. Because what you just said reminded me of that moment in group yesterday. Do you do recall that
Erika Romero: Remember it. Um, what do you mean as far as what like what are you trying to figure out what are you trying to understand
Dominique Pozo: Well um I you just said something about how it, it's hard for you to relate and it's hard for you to hear that, you know, I think that's what I heard, or what did you tell me I don't want to put words in your mouth.
Erika Romero: Yeah, it's just hard for me to, to understand, honestly, because I didn't have that. So I mean it's not that it's it just frustrates me because I don't know.
Erika Romero: how that feels. You know what I mean, I don't know how to come from that. I don't know how to empathize with that or sympathize with that. I don't
Erika Romero: But I know what she's feeling internally as far as her emotions and what she's going through. And really, that's all that I was trying to convey was that I knew what she was going through, because I've been. I've been there and I've done that and
Erika Romero: It but I mean as far as
Erika Romero: You know having cravings and stuff like that. I just I you know that's not something that I've ever said, Oh, well, you have to just get on your feet. And, you know, and
Erika Romero: And stop the craziness. You know that's not that's never something that I would say, I just don't know how
Erika Romero: to empathize with that. You know what I mean. Gee, I don't know how to relate to that because I don't. I've never been in that situation when I like you time that I've quit using drugs. I have just quit cold turkey and never had the craving for it. Never gone back to it so
Dominique Pozo: I'm
Erika Romero: Mad i don't i don't know how i don't understand that.
Dominique Pozo: So I so my curiosity and that's why I wanted everyone to just stop for a moment because what I was talking about was the window of tolerance. Do you remember that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and
Dominique Pozo: So my curiosity with you in particular is, you know,
Dominique Pozo: What is the discomfort about, you know, what could because that's what I sense. It's like, you know, kind of continuing to speak to her because there was some discomfort, whether it was frustration or inability to relate and so
Dominique Pozo: I'm just wondering
Erika Romero: You got, you got me wrong completely wrong fly continue to talk to her, I continue to talk to her, because I know how she feels
Erika Romero: As far as everything that she's going through and drug part I can't understand because I don't know.
Erika Romero: But I wasn't even trying to touch on that at all. I never even tried to touch on that all I was trying to do with trying to let her know that, you know, because I know
Erika Romero: When you were going through all that you're losing kids and you're trying to get your life to getting trying to get sober and you're doing this, that and the other.
Erika Romero: You know people who have no first hand experience can tell you are well yeah, it'll be okay. You're going to get through it, you're going to be fine, you know,
Erika Romero: And for me that's frustrating that pisses me off because first of all, how are you going to tell me because you came out of a textbook.
Erika Romero: That you're going to tell me how I feel. And what I'm going through. And what I'm going to get out of. And, you know, all I was trying to let her know with that I have already been there and done that. And so I know how she's feeling in her heart.
Erika Romero: As far as touching on her drugs. I never touched that situation not touch that subject, I have no I didn't speak on it and all will I speak on it because that's her her situation.
Erika Romero: All I wanted her know is that you you know when you when you're talking to other people that have never been there.
Erika Romero: It's hard for you to feel like they do understand like they get you like they know how you feel when you speak to somebody who's been there and done that.
Erika Romero: He you know that they they understand what's going on inside the turmoil. The heartache, the heartbreak everything that you're feeling emotionally
Erika Romero: You know that they've been there so
Erika Romero: They can relate to you, they can feel you they can you know and I would never be the one to tell her. All you're going to be just fine. You're in a walk out of, you know, with flying colors or you're going to get through this and a month or a week or year
Erika Romero: That's not my intention in the least and nor will I ever ever talked to somebody like that so
Dominique Pozo: What I'm telling you.
Erika Romero: I can tell them I can't tell them what they're going what they're going to do. I know where I came from. I know what drove me. I know what got me in and out of my situation, but that's not them. They're not me. I'm not them.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm really hearing that you what you're what you were wanting to do is offer her empathy. You know, like you, you understand you've been there. You've had your own version of this, and you, you feel her
Erika Romero: To do but touching on the drugs. I can't. And I won't. Right. That's not something I'll talk to anybody about, I can tell you off. I can be here for you. I can, I can be an arrow. If you need somebody to talk to you.
Erika Romero: You know, I've tried to help a lot of people get sober.
Erika Romero: But to to interject myself into their addiction. I won't, because that's not i'm not them. I don't know.
Erika Romero: What drives them, you know, they're not emotionally, the same as I am. I'm not emotionally, the same as they are. And so what drives me is not the same thing that drives them and what gets them through what gets them through their stuff is not the same thing for me.
Erika Romero: I will never touch on that situation, but I do know how to empathize with somebody who is going through what she's going through, because I've been there myself. I've done that I've, you know,
Erika Romero: You know, I, that's all I would try to let her know that you know that she's not alone. You know, that can be a very lonely place.
Erika Romero: Can be a lonely situation, it can be
Erika Romero: And you can have a million people around you and
Erika Romero: If they've never been there, it's hard for them to understand, you know, where you're coming from what you're going through what you're feeling
Erika Romero: I wanted her to know that she's not alone, that there is somebody in her group that's been there.
Erika Romero: I don't know everybody else. I just want to hurt another that there's somebody in her group that has been there.
Erika Romero: You know, and that I felt what she's yelling
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think it's a i'm i'm still
Dominique Pozo: Figuring out how to work with the group and bring in the
Dominique Pozo: The
Dominique Pozo: The practice of just sitting with the discomfort, you know, and just letting it be and I, I'm actually wondering from our session last week. I know you know you talked about
Dominique Pozo: That what was the word that he used bondage. The that there's some bondage. And I'm wondering how has that been for you this week. And have you been able to to make some time and space to really
Dominique Pozo: I don't know. Explore and touch into That uncomfortable feeling
Erika Romero: Yeah, I got to thinking
Erika Romero: About it and it. Gotcha. I'm
Erika Romero: Thinking about where that comes from, because I guess I really haven't really been that as far as
Erika Romero: Giving myself the opportunity to think about it.
Erika Romero: A pretty busy and so
Erika Romero: Tapping into my emotional
Erika Romero: Side is not something that I do very often.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I figured it out. I figured out what it was, um,
Erika Romero: So I think for me it's just more
Erika Romero: Yeah, I've always been, I've always been in relationship that relationships marriages that I don't feel
Erika Romero: Where I have the freedom to be me and to do the things that I want to do. And when I do do the things that I want to do, then I get the accusation Starcom coming into play.
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: You know, like this trust and accusations of cheating and
Erika Romero: stupid bullshit.
Erika Romero: And so that's where my trap is because every single relationship, including this marriage is now that we're, we're starting to tap into that now with my husband. Now, but in every single relationship. I've been in
Erika Romero: For some stupid reason that seems to come about. I don't know why I don't know where that so I feel like there's always that
Erika Romero: You know that kind of that having that thumb put down on you. You know what I mean to
Erika Romero: Not that there's a restriction on on what you do.
Erika Romero: And how long have you been on and all that other stuff. So that's where that came from. At some time to explore that, because that was something
Erika Romero: That broke through
Erika Romero: Between my husband and I last week.
Erika Romero: Hmm, beginning of last week.
Dominique Pozo: It's kind of, it's really
Dominique Pozo: Interesting. It's interesting that it keeps happening. What do you think
Dominique Pozo: Why do you think that keeps happening.
Erika Romero: Either
Erika Romero: I don't know.
Erika Romero: Evidently, I have some very immature and
Erika Romero: Insecure men in my life so
Erika Romero: All right, I had had and so that actually, like I said, that just spoke out about a week ago at my house.
Erika Romero: Or so, you know, and it's like I even feel like sometimes we're that I can't go to the bathroom without
Erika Romero: Or take a show without, you know, I'll tell my husband. I'm gonna go take a shower. This adults usually might time why, you know, have my time for me. You know, I can take care of myself and just have
Erika Romero: some me time well. Next thing I know there's a two year olds running through here, my husband's coming in the bedroom and it's like
Erika Romero: Well, part of I'm taking a shower. Is it clear, you know, this is my only time during the day where I get to do something for myself. No.
Erika Romero: You know that that that becomes an issue or becoming an issue. I go to the store for too long. And are you know what is considered for too long. I'm stuck in my house 24 seven I go to Walmart and I spend a couple hours there and the phone calls, start
Erika Romero: Are you coming home. When are you coming home, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Erika Romero: Blah, blah, blah.
Erika Romero: You know, so it just, it gets really just mundane and you know just seems like it's just us being a psycho.
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to pull up there's this way of communicating called compassionate communication or nonviolent communication and they have these great charts on needs and feelings and
Dominique Pozo: Needs.
Dominique Pozo: And
Erika Romero: I'm not getting very good reception. So because we have, we're going through a windstorm out here really bad. So I just want you to know. I'm trying to adjust myself and before you know it. I'm going to be up on the roof with my up in the air.
Erika Romero: I'm just trying to adjust myself. So if you if I, if you can't hear me, let me know. Okay.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I have a list here of different needs and just think about when you when you imagine that bondage that you've been experiencing that feeling of bondage. What needs.
Dominique Pozo: Are in our in there are behind that bondage. That really want to be honored.
Erika Romero: Got through the first list.
Erika Romero: There's several of them here.
Erika Romero: You want to know what they are.
Dominique Pozo: I do because I yeah I wanted you to connect with some of them and then be able to identify because
Dominique Pozo: I'm hearing you know when you say like, what part of me take a shower. Don't you understand, I imagine, whoever's on the receiving end probably get kind of defensive yet if you were to say when I say I'm gonna take a shower. It's
Dominique Pozo: What's up,
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I can't hear you.
Erika Romero: I, that's what I think it you know i don't i don't say that. I think it. I think it because I'm one of those people have a really hard time
Erika Romero: Controlling what I say either a sharp tongue. And so if I say something like that. It'll turn into an explosion. Yeah.
Erika Romero: So generally, when I speak to people have to think about what I'm going to say before I say and take a day or two.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: I've learned as I've grown
Erika Romero: To really watch what I say and think about what comes out of my mouth because, if not all, a lot of you.
Erika Romero: Know like don't say that. I don't say that. But I think it
Dominique Pozo: Hahaha. I'm, I would like to know what needs are behind that. When you think, Gosh, I just, I just want to take a shower and then what you know have that time for yourself that meantime what what needs are in their
Erika Romero: Cooperation.
Erika Romero: Compassion. I think that you have to have some sort of compassion for somebody out to be able to start give them that job for them, you know, and I mean that that
Erika Romero: That just comes with it. I'm
Erika Romero: Empathy.
Erika Romero: mutuality. Because I do it with my husband, you know, I keep the baby out let him take a shower. Make sure that you know he has time to do what he needs to do.
Erika Romero: When he gets dressed you know it.
Erika Romero: So respect and
Erika Romero: Support to know and to be known.
Erika Romero: To understand
Dominique Pozo: How do you think identifying these needs. How do you think this would help.
Dominique Pozo: Get your needs met.
Erika Romero: I don't, I don't even know. I don't even know how to communicate with men anymore.
Erika Romero: I just, I've just come to the conclusion that they're all the same.
Erika Romero: No matter where they come from.
Erika Romero: A quality. I mean, I think you have to be equal, you know, our thought process our respective thing has to be well
Erika Romero: And I don't think that that necessarily have been
Erika Romero: My independence. I mean, that's what I feel gets taken from me is, is that independence to be able to do what I want to do by myself.
Erika Romero: The space.
Erika Romero: Awareness.
Erika Romero: To be aware of that, you know, I'm a human being. And I like to, you know, I'm around a two year old every minute of every day you know that needs to be something that hey, maybe we should like a breather, you know, go to Walmart for a couple hours. That's what I'm getting
Erika Romero: I'm getting some me time
Erika Romero: Quiet Time.
Erika Romero: Away time, you know, I'm like I said, I'm an hour 24 hours a day, seven days a week with a two year old.
Erika Romero: You know,
Erika Romero: I'm 46 years old, I don't have that energy that I used to have. I don't have that anymore.
Erika Romero: When I take a shower when I go to Walmart, go to the store.
Erika Romero: At a time where I you know just breathe a little bit and get a little bit of time.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean, these are so valid these this whole list of needs. These are universal needs. Everybody has them maybe some are stronger for some people, or you cry.
Erika Romero: No, I'm sorry.
Erika Romero: I
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I just didn't want to know. That's fine. I didn't want to talk over you if you're crying.
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so these are yeah everybody has these needs. And like I was saying some for some people, they're a little stronger, like, you know, maybe for you that
Dominique Pozo: That need for the space and the freedom and independence. The autonomy that might be stronger for you than for your husband.
Dominique Pozo: And there's nothing wrong or right about it. It's just the way it is. And so my hope is by by being able to identify with more words.
Dominique Pozo: And detail, you know, what is it that you're needing when you go and you take that time for you. Maybe he'll understand because that's
Dominique Pozo: That's the whole point of this way of communicating is that by identifying one's needs and feelings clearly
Dominique Pozo: And being able to claim them and name them. Hopefully it softens another person to say, oh, okay. That makes sense. I can understand. They may not like it. It may not be what they wish for what they want. Yet, hopefully they can understand that a little more of where you're coming from.
Erika Romero: Right.
Dominique Pozo: And maybe
Erika Romero: It would be
Erika Romero: It would be nice.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Like I imagine in that in that situation where you want to take a shower. You know, the way that one would use the NVC the nonviolent communication model would be to say,
Dominique Pozo: When
Dominique Pozo: When you and your granddaughter. What's her name.
Erika Romero: Oh, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: When you and Aaliyah came through my room after I named that I wanted them as a shower, I felt frustrated and, you know, agitated, because I have a need for some space and
Dominique Pozo: A little bit of autonomy and whatever the other needs. That's how that's how the model works. So it's naming the feelings that come up because these needs were not met.
Dominique Pozo: Anyways, just wanting to
Dominique Pozo: Share more tools with you.
Dominique Pozo: And it's kind of hard to make somebody wrong for what they're feeling, you know, that's a hard thing to do.
Erika Romero: Oh yeah, but that happen.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Erika Romero: I think i think that's
Erika Romero: A huge issue between my husband and I, when I feel like I tried to express
Erika Romero: How do
Erika Romero: What I'm thinking and you take things
Erika Romero: Personal. I mean, yeah, everything as an attack on it. I mean, it's not it's not an attack. It's just, you know, I need to understand that, you know, this A, B and C. This is how I feel about it and I am
Erika Romero: The biggest source of contention to see my husband and I have my granddaughter because he's on one end of the spectrum, and I'm on the other end of the spectrum.
And
Erika Romero: What we do with her and how we discipline her
Know,
Erika Romero: And so that becomes a huge, huge ordeal, between the two of us.
Erika Romero: And when I tried to talk to him about it because very offensive and everything that I try to talk to him about becomes very offensive to him, but it's not that I'm trying to be offensive.
Erika Romero: I'm not even angry. I just want him to understand
Erika Romero: How I feel about it, you know.
Erika Romero: For him, the team. I don't know because he's never
Erika Romero: He's never really been it and much have
Erika Romero: Very many long term relationship first wife, you know, and
Erika Romero: He has a daughter, but he didn't get Tracer. So this is his first
Erika Romero: Child raising
Erika Romero: And so I think that He does it by, you know, and I've raised a lot of children. I didn't raise my tool this point but I pray, a lot of children.
Erika Romero: I've been married before
Erika Romero: Might assets and had four boys and I read his four boys I raised my daughter, my gun on me. My niece and
Erika Romero: So every is a lot of kids and
Erika Romero: And so I think that
Erika Romero: Because he's a newbie, and I'm an old
Erika Romero: Man think that we don't quite understand each other. You know what I mean. Because I like
Erika Romero: That newbie phase. You know what I mean, where I, you know, everything is very catchy.
Erika Romero: You know,
Erika Romero: So for me, I'm already set in my ways as far as how to raise children and how to discipline children and all that. And so like I said, we're completely on the opposite ends of the spectrum as far as raising children goes. And so, yeah, like I said, that becomes a very huge
Erika Romero: Tension between him and I
Erika Romero: Believe I had picked him over that.
Dominique Pozo: Huh, huh.
Dominique Pozo: Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Well i know i i put it out there and I, it seems like it's still too early, but I do imagine at some point, it could be helpful to have a session with the two of you and just
Dominique Pozo: Be able to use some compassionate communication on both ends to Pratt to start practicing it so that both of you can be heard and understood more
Erika Romero: You know,
Erika Romero: Like I said that to that will be maybe something to add.
Erika Romero: later on down the road. Yeah.
Erika Romero: I think that he he
Erika Romero: I think he thinks that this is this is just for me. And so right now we're just gonna allow it to be just for me.
Dominique Pozo: And it sounds actually as after I said that I was like wait, she just told me she needs more space more me time so I can see where maybe you'd really want this time for yourself. Actually not inviting him in and just having, having it be just for you.
Erika Romero: Yeah, for the time being. I mean, that's not something that I'm opposed to exploring later down
Erika Romero: Yeah, it's done that way, but
Erika Romero: That's definitely not something that I think I'm ready to do yet because I don't
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: I don't know. I don't know how he would take that to be honest with you.
Erika Romero: Like I said, this for him. This is an Erica thing.
Erika Romero: Oh,
Erika Romero: Boy Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So we still have a little bit of time anything anything up for you that you want to bring in, we probably can't do a really deep dive, but we can address some you know anything
Erika Romero: No, not that I can think of. Like I said, I just this last week was just kind of
Erika Romero: just brought up a lot of old feelings and
Erika Romero: Old things that you know that I've that I've dealt with, you know, and moved on from but
Erika Romero: I really haven't had anybody
Erika Romero: That
Erika Romero: That's been in my life that has
Erika Romero: Dealt with my all my situations. And so when everything was brought up on the t shirt.
Erika Romero: Not a lot of stuff for me. You know what I mean. So, so a lot of stuff that had already been dealt with and moved on from just kind of like, you know, that roller coaster cart that just kind of comes and shows you from behind.
Erika Romero: Yeah, kinda was. It kind of a products and things. But I mean,
Erika Romero: I'm okay.
Erika Romero: But that those are just things that
Erika Romero: You know, every once in a while. They come, they come back up to the surface and
Erika Romero: When I think that that gives me an opportunity to when that happens, it just gives me an opportunity to kind of just release everything that you know that I'm kind of feeling all at the same time.
Erika Romero: I'm kind of like that reason to cry. You know what I mean.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yeah.
Erika Romero: That makes sense.
Erika Romero: Yeah, from all these little frustrations here and there it is, you know, and you're like okay, whatever, you know, and you just keep pushing, pushing those little things you know away and saying, Okay, well, whatever, whatever, whatever.
Erika Romero: And you know they frustrate you. And you know, it puts you off, and you know that you have these feelings when
Erika Romero: You suppress those and you kind of just move on with your regular day, you know, and
Erika Romero: Because frustration as a part of everyday life, it's you know it is. But sometimes, so they they kind of sneak up on you and they stack up like that. Django game. You know what I mean.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Erika Romero: stacks and stacks and stacks and before you know it, it comes tumbling down and I guess that was, you know, every once in a while.
Erika Romero: Some thoughts come back in and that that that you know breaking piece that piece that gets put on that kind of just sends everything tumbling down
Erika Romero: And and they're not really big thing. There are little things, you know, but at the same time there it
Erika Romero: Was like stacking those blocks, you know, you might start with a few little blocks, but you may keep backing them stacking them for you know you've got a tower, man. Yeah. And so that's
Erika Romero: You know, I guess that's just a reason for
Erika Romero: You not to have that released sometime
Dominique Pozo: So it's a good. Yeah, sounds like it was a good good release to be able to just kind of let let the tears move that may have been stalking for a while.
Erika Romero: Yeah, well, I'm not, I'm not one of those kind of people who
Erika Romero: Tend to take things too seriously not. I mean, and I, I have the I can push things aside and say okay well I don't care, whatever, you know, and it just keep pushing them, but at the same time, you know, I still have that humanity is he
Erika Romero: Speaking up to me.
Erika Romero: And when you start
Erika Romero: When you, when you have that release.
Erika Romero: You know, any, any refer you realize that you're crying about
Erika Romero: Everything that happened 25 years ago you know
Erika Romero: I'm already done with that.
Erika Romero: Let's come back and you know
Erika Romero: What's good
You know,
Erika Romero: All negative
Erika Romero: For me, I, I tend to think that the things that we go through in life.
Erika Romero: They're not just challenges I think there for us for me anyway. I can't speak for us. But for me.
Erika Romero: What I go through my life makes me who I am today.
Erika Romero: And everything that is good, is what made me who I am today. And I've learned a lot from everything that I've been through everything that play every negative beings has bought something positive to my life to
Erika Romero: Which is weird because
Erika Romero: You're getting
Erika Romero: You're getting very broken up.
Dominique Pozo: Actually, I can't hear you so well maybe I wonder if you take yourself off video and then
Dominique Pozo: Maybe I can just hear your audio. Sometimes the video makes
Erika Romero: It.
Dominique Pozo: A lot harder.
Erika Romero: How's that, can you hear me a little bit better now.
Dominique Pozo: That's better. Yeah, and
Dominique Pozo: And if you take the video off, it'll probably be even more clear. We only have a few minutes. So it's, it's okay. You can take the video.
Erika Romero: If you want. Yeah, that's right.
Erika Romero: You hear me.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that's better. Yeah.
Erika Romero: Okay, yeah. So for me, you know, you wouldn't think that negative negative things that go through in your life would bring positive change. But it for me. It did. It brought a lot of positivity for me and I've learned how to
Erika Romero: To not do certain things or treat people certain ways, and you know it has made a positive impact in my life. My ex husband used to my my kids. His father used to beat the living tar out of me, me, me and beat me and sometimes
Erika Romero: I didn't think I was gonna make it to the next day, but
Erika Romero: That being said,
Erika Romero: That always gave me something to
Erika Romero: That I learned not to treat people. That way you know
Erika Romero: Because I was always an asshole and excuse my language.
Erika Romero: But as a child as a teenager, I wasn't asshole. I was mean to people I you know I was always fighting. I was always in trouble.
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: You know when I went through that with my kid's dad. It was something that I
Erika Romero: Had to take that negativity and turn it into something positive for myself in order to be able to move on, more than anything, you know, because I had to learn something from that.
Erika Romero: And so that's what I learned.
Erika Romero: That you can take a lot. You can take your negative and you can turn it into something positive.
Dominique Pozo: That's, that's pretty I think helpful to not spiral into depression. So that's a great
Dominique Pozo: That's a great
Dominique Pozo: Gift you've taken. So let's, um, we have about a minute left. I'm thinking. Can you name two
Dominique Pozo: Big strengths that you've come through from everything all the difficulties that you've experienced and moved through what are two really
Dominique Pozo: Positive strengths that you've walked, walked away with
Dominique Pozo: That you carry now.
Erika Romero: The ability to appreciate myself and and the courage to move on with each situation that comes about one step at a time.
Dominique Pozo: One step at a time. That's great. Yeah, that's such a
Dominique Pozo: Big one to get.
Erika Romero: Here.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: What do you think is the next step, thinking one step at a time. What's the next step with
Dominique Pozo: Improving your dynamic with your husband.
Erika Romero: I think personally I'm not much like I said I'm not much of a talker.
Erika Romero: Because I have to really think about what I say is I am an asshole.
Erika Romero: It's so bad.
Erika Romero: Things come out of my mouth, it really shouldn't. And I don't think about them. So I think more than anything. It's just being able to find the ability and the words to use to be able to talk to him and express
Erika Romero: How I feel what I'm thinking and how it affects me
Erika Romero: And I think that's, that's one of the things that I'm really gonna have to work on, because I don't know.
Erika Romero: Me, I just, I think.
Erika Romero: I think more than anything that I've learned just to be a brick wall. You know what I mean, understand, you know, and kind of just let things bounce off of me, you know. And I mean, and just move on and and go on to the next thing. And, okay, well, whatever, you know,
Erika Romero: But
Erika Romero: I really have to be able to talk to people and an express because me personally it's easier for me to talk to you out of my life than daft sit down and speak with you.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah so that that's something we can work on if you're if you're open and you want to we can work on more compassionate communication skills and you and I can do some role playing and work on it and I'm going to bring it into group next week to, I think,
Dominique Pozo: It will be helpful for everyone back
Erika Romero: Sounds good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So let's, um, do you want to look at our calendar.
Dominique Pozo: This is actually a, let's see.
Dominique Pozo: Let me see.
Dominique Pozo: So next, next week. I can see you on Wednesday. Again, and I think a good time.
Dominique Pozo: You Later in the day is better for you right
Erika Romero: Yeah, because that my, my husband can take baby.
Dominique Pozo: Is is seven way. Yeah, no, no.
Erika Romero: You know anything after four 430 is is fine.
Erika Romero: It doesn't matter if whatever you have available after that time after about four 430 that is fine by me. So whatever works best for you. As you know, just let me know.
Dominique Pozo: How about 6pm next week.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Sounds good.
Dominique Pozo: This day at 6pm okay
Erika Romero: Sounds good.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay.
Erika Romero: Good night. Have a great week, I'll see you on Tuesday. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds great. Okay.
Erika Romero: Have a good night. Bye bye.
Bye.